# FilmbaseKeeper

Filmbase Keeper is a program meant for all movie enthusiasts that keep a large
collection of (pirated) movies on their disks and would like to have a solid and
compact index of those movies.

## How it works?

You import your disks using class ``DiskImporter``. You do that by going to
*Options/Import disk...* in the main program, generated by class ``FilmbaseKeeper``.
Movies are then saved to the filmbase located at ``./data/movies.csv`` from
where the program reads your movies and shows them on screen of main program.

When you import new disk, the movies are appended to your filmbase, meaning they
come unsorted. If you want to sort them, click on column name (*Title*, *Year* or *Disk*).
It will sort on column selected.

Were you ever worried about having the same movie on multiple disks? Well, you can now
check all such movies by going to *Options/View duplicates*.

You can also search for certain movies by going to *Options/Search*. You can search
by full movie name, although I recommend you to search by substring (*Title includes*)
because you might forget about "the" or "a" in title, resulting in empty resultset.
Both searches are case insensitive!

**Important note!** The only true formatting of pirated films is "Film title [Year]", e.g.
"The Godfather [1972]". Of course, without quotes. If your films are NOT formatted as this,
this program will not work!

## Is there a problem?

You found a problem? Please open a rational issue and describe the problem in the
issue's comment. I will try to fix the problem as soon as possible.